DOCS-10106 fix prerequisites (#190)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/installation-prerequisites.adoc

To install Anypoint API Community Manager you will need:

> == A Salesforce Admin User

Reviewer: The following is a task and so it requires a task title, something like...:
```suggestion
== Update Your Access to Become a Salesforce Admin User
```

> Installation requires a Salesforce API Community Manager organization admin user with a role.

Reviewer: passive. Try...:
```suggestion
To install Anypoint API Community Manager, you must update your roles to become a Salesforce API Community Manager organization Admin user:
```

> To update your user role and permissions:

Reviewer: omit
```suggestion
```

. Log in to your Salesforce organization.

> . In *Setup*, search for *Users* using the *Quick Find* box and click *Users*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Setup*, use the *Quick Find* box to find and click *Users*.
```

. Locate your username and click *Edit*.

> . Set the *Role* for your account.

Reviewer: How does the user "set" the role? Perhaps specify something like "Set the role for your account by selecting from the *Role* list"?

+
This can be any role from the list, but cannot be none.
+
If you don't see any roles in the list, refer to the Salesforce knowledge article https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?language=en_US&type=1&mode=1&id=000322715[Add roles to the role hierarchy, role=external, window=_blank] for instructions to create a role in your organization.
. Select *Salesforce CRM Content User*.

> . *Save*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Save*.
```

== API Community Manager Entitlement

> Installation requires Anypoint API Community Manager entitlement for your Anypoint organization.

Reviewer: I suggest that you use active voice here and mimic the intro to the previous topic.

To check the entitlement:

. Log in to your Anypoint Platform organization.
. If you are using the US cloud, navigate to `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/profile+`.
+
If you are using the EU cloud, navigate to `+https://eu1.anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/profile+`.
+

> If you are using MuleSoft Government Cloud, navigate to `+https://gov.anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/api/profile+`.

Reviewer: This is not the proper format for a step with options.
Create a general step, ending with a colon, and present the options as bullets.

. Verify that under the *Entitlements* property, the `apiCommunityManager` value is `true`.

> == A Domain with Enabled Communities

Reviewer: Reword to make this a task topic.

To set up and register a domain:

> . Log in to your API Community Manager https://login.salesforce.com/[Salesforce Organization, role=external, window=blank].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in to your API Community Manager https://login.salesforce.com/[Salesforce organization, role=external, window=blank].
```

. Go to *Salesforce Set-up* by selecting the gear icon and selecting *Set-up*.

> . Search for *My Domain* using the *Quick Find* box and then select *My Domain*.

Reviewer: Reword per Line 16 above.

. Enter a domain name for your organization.
+
The name can include up to 34 letters, numbers, and hyphens.
. Select *Check Availability*.
+
If the name is already taken, choose a different one.
. Select *Register Domain*.

> You will receive a notification email when your domain is registered and your

Reviewer: present tense: GLOBAL
```suggestion
You receive a notification email when your domain is registered and your
```

subdomain name is ready for testing. This process can take a few minutes.
You can continue with the next steps while you wait for the email.

NOTE: After you complete API Community Manager installation and configuration, you can configure a full custom domain
name, also known as a vanity domain. When you're ready, refer to the Salesforce knowledge article
https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=000336819&type=1&mode=1[Run your Salesforce Community under a custom domain, role=external, window=blank].

Using the domain name you selected in the previous step, follow the steps in
https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=networks_enable.htm&type=5[Enable Salesforce Communities, role=external, window=blank]
to enable communities inside your Salesforce organization.

> Wait to receive the notification email that your domain is registered, and then deploy your domain:

Reviewer: This is confusing.
We say that you can continue with the next steps...but there are no steps until Line 69, and those are for deploying the domain (where is the registration, subdomain name, and testing?)
After telling the audience to wait for the registration email, we diverge into a note that is about what is essentially a separate topic about vanity naming, and then a para about enabling communities.

Reviewer: What we have here is ...:

. Select *Register Domain*.
Wait a few minutes
Continue with these steps while you wait:  (no steps)
NOTE: vanity name
LINK: enable communities
Wait for registration (repeat) 
Then deploy:  (separate task?)
. Log in
. Go to
.
.
.

. Log in to your API Community Manager https://login.salesforce.com/[Salesforce Organization, role=external, window=blank].
. Go to *Salesforce Set-up* by clicking the gear icon and selecting *Set-up*.

> . Search for *My Domain* using the *Quick Find* box and then select *My Domain*.

Reviewer: Repeats steps above...so is a separate task???
See previous edits to these steps in Lines 44-46.

> . If the screen indicates your domain is ready, select *Log in*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the screen indicates that your domain is ready, select *Log in*.
```
